hey I shack her off here so today we are
Saturday and I have a little something a
little special for you it's coming from
famous fabrics a company owned by dr.
Brian Price same who owns in the games
you know that's a good product quality
product as usual this products call
music music music and you can see it
like that right there each pack each box
features a cop autograph number 2 100
101 there's well as two memorabilia
cards um you get everything from the
Beatles to Elvis Presley to add jazz
musicians to punk rock punk not really
pump but some rock some country some
composers some band leaders anything you
want a little bit the same pattern as
they did with a hurry for Hollywood's I
which featured like directors autographs
actors autographs and so on and so forth
but this time it's all about the music
so I got two packs gonna open it right
now so as I was saying shoe pieces of
memorabilia remember Billy cards and one
autographed cards are there are a few
duel autos and that's it so this one is
numbered 460 out of 1800 so there are
1800 packs and we start with the
memorabilia pretty cool this one's gonna
be pc i get my weird bc thing it's a
single memorabilia numbered 60 out of 80
of Frank Sinatra pretty sweet can see
here and it features a piece of jacket
movie worn Franks and apps jackets and
the second one is not a bad name at all
neither numbered 48 out of 80 of Elvis
Presley this one features a piece of
stage Warren Elvis Presley jacket and
the autograph I don't know her we'll
have to do some research
her it's from singer called Fanny Brice
a knee brace and let me actually check
let's google her Fanny Brice life give
you some knowledge well she she was born
in 1891 died in 1951 interesting she was
an actress singer love face nice it's
pretty cool piece of history very nice
fresh batch let's check the second one
out number 12 99 love 12 99 out of all
right we're in the little bit more
actual pieces of memorabilia this one is
numbered 69 out of 90 Courtney Love oh
that's good that's very very good here
we have a fab for redemption actually
this is that's the case hit it's a
redemption to win a quad auto of the
four Beatles so it's out of 90 and i
think india and only one wins i don't
know what the others receive if they
receive anything but that's awesome very
happy and the third one I don't know him
either but it's son it's on the bright
pink paper that's a little bit weird
that's see who's that person footballer
I don't think so hmm musician
I don't find them but his name is Phil
Brown Phil Brown otto was one obviously
he's supposed to be a musician so I'll
do my research on that as well I have
him on IMDb but it would be as an actor
in Star Wars so I don't think nothing um
no that's fine no anyway that being said
this is by far the hit of my break very
happy about that so that's it hope you
enjoyed the quick look at famous fabrics
music music music and I will see you
later with more breaks